Added exception-without-raise codemod (#181)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_exception-without-raise.md

> An statement with an exception without raising it is most likely an error. Our changes look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This codemod fixes cases where an exception is referenced by itself in a statement without being raised. This most likely indicates a bug: you probably meant to actually raise the exception. 

Our changes look something like this:
```
